Pionic - PI-based Networked Instrument Controller

Physical configuration:

    The network interface connects to the factory subnet and receives an
    address via DHCP. The DHCP server is configured to assign a specific IP
    address for the PI's MAC, presumably correlates to the test station ID.

    A USB ethernet dongle attaches to the DUT and gets a static IP (defined in the Makefile
    pionic.cfg).

    The 40-pin I/O connector attaches to test instrumentation, which is
    customized for the specific test station requires and not in scope of this
    document.

    An "official" 7-inch touchscreen (attaches to the RPi display connector,
    NOT to HDMI).

Pionic provides:

    DNS proxy, and resolves 'pionic.server', returning its own LAN address.

    NAT translation from the DUT to the factory server. Port 61080 is forwarded
    to factory server port 80, and 61443 is forwarded to factory server port
    443.

    If enabled, the beacon server is started on the DUT interface, this
    transmits "beacon" ethernet packets. The DUT listens for beacons during
    boot, if detected then it enters factory diagnostic mode and brings up
    pre-defined static IP in the same subnet.

    Alternatively if the DUT automatically brings up static IP during boot, it
    can simply attempt to access the factory server via port 61080, if the
    expected response is received then it enters diagnostic mode.

    Optional user interface via the touchscreen display.

    Customizable test fixture support.

To install:

    Download the SDcard image:

        wget https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspbian_lite/images/raspbian_lite-2020-02-14/2020-02-13-raspbian-buster-lite.zip

    Unzip and extract file 2020-02-14-raspbin-buster-lite.img (about 1.8GB).

    Copy the .img file to an 8GB SDcard using dd on linux or Win32DiskImager
    on Windows.

    Insert the card into the Pi, attach display or monitor and usb keyboard,
    attach ethernet and apply power. Pi should boot to a text login prompt.

    Log in as user 'pi', password 'raspberry'.

    Run:
        sudo -s
        systemctl enable ssh
        passwd pi    <- I usually just set the password to "pi"
        apt update
        apt upgrade
        apt install git
        reboot

    The system will reboot. Log back in via text console or ssh and run:

        git clone https://github.com/glitchub/pionic
        cd pionic

    Review pionic.cfg and make any desired changes, then:

        make
        sudo reboot

    You should see a screen indicating "TEST STATION XX READY".
